I prefer the plastic containers I wish
everything company that we sell plenty
from had the plastic painters for the
simple reason kW is all plastic
container rivals traditional metal
containers and plastic metal hybrids in
protecting the integrity of paint and
coatings from the fill line to the
end-user the container is made from 100%
recycled polypropylene a tough material
that resists dents and damage drop tests
performed by an independent lab prove kW
use all plastic container outperforms
containers with metal closures in this
lab recorded footage a competing plastic
container with metal closure was tested
using a 45 degree tilt the container
failed when dropped from 12 inches using
the same test device and 45 degree tilt
the kW all plastic container maintained
its closure even when dropped from 30
inches the defining feature of kW is all
plastic container is a patented closure
system that creates a secure airtight
seal that will reseal every time even
when the time is intentionally flooded
with paint the closure system on the kW
container is different because it
creates a seal as opposed to the
unpredictable friction closure employed
in metal closures it's easily opened and
closed using the same tools and
techniques applied for years in opening
or closing traditional containers with
metal rings and plugs a common container
opener is all that's required to open
the kW all plastic container here a
painter's tool is used but a standard
container opener works just as well and
is probably the most readily available
to do-it-yourselfers
the time required for opening kW is all
plastic container versus a metal closure
is virtually the same actually
independent test by a third-party show
that kW is all plastic container is
actually slightly easier to open than a
metal closure to close the container all
that's required is a hammer or mallet
the container and closure is tough and
solid so don't be afraid to tap it
firmly contractors generally use
whatever is handy at the time a
painter's tool will work and the
container is strong enough to stand up
to a claw hammer and if no closing tool
is handy most individuals can close the
container by pressing down firmly on the
rim of the plug using the heel of the
hand you may or may not hear multiple
snaps as you tap around the
circumference of the closure these snaps
tell you the closure is securely sealing
the contents inside when the plug is
fully seated the product inside is
securely contained and the contents will
remain fresh and clean and easy to work
with when the container is reopened for
touch-ups even months later of all the
paint containers available on the market
today
none delivered the all-around
performance provided by KWS all plastic
container the kW all plastic container
was this lid popping when dropped
significantly reducing the chance of
leaks and spills after the product is
tenant and on the way to the job the
snap lock closure system prevents leaks
and accidental spills a major benefit
for contractors who are looking for ways
to save time and money and reduce job
site cleanup issues associated with
container failures and because the
entire package is rust proof and users
can say goodbye to rust contaminated
product caused by containers with metal
closures for superior product protection
and an easy to use package kW is all
plastic container is the clear choice
it's simply better
a better product package a better
product for end users and a better
solution for our environment
you